RESEARCH CONSENT SUMMARY
You are being asked for your consent to take part in the Qualia Night study. This document provides a concise summary of this research and expectations associated with participating. Your participation in this study is voluntary. You may decide not to participate or you may leave the study at any time. Your decision will not result in any penalty or loss to which you are otherwise entitled.

If you have any questions, you can contact the Reputable Health research team anytime at mackenzie@reputable.health , or by using the chat feature located in your Reputable Health dashboard.

RESEARCH STUDY DETAILS

Why is this research being done?
The purpose of this research is to assess the impact of Qualia Night on participant sleep, mental well-being, and other health metrics in a real world setting following a 4-week intervention period.

What is expected of me if I agree to take part in this research?
If you decide to take part in this research study, you will be asked to engage in the following activities:

1. Complete Surveys: You will be required to complete two surveys—one at the start of the study (baseline, 0 weeks) and another at the end of the study (4 weeks). These surveys are designed to gather information on your sleep patterns, well-being, and other relevant metrics.

2. Connect and Wear Your Oura Device: You will need to connect your Oura Ring device to the Reputable platform. This connection will allow us to collect objective data on your sleep and other health-related biomarker metrics continuously throughout the study period. It is important that you keep your Oura Ring charged and wear it over the course of the study period.

3. Intervention Adherence: You will be asked to consume the Qualia Night supplement as directed, 5 days on (taking the supplement) and 2 days off (not taking the supplement). It is important that you follow these instructions carefully to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the study’s results. You will be automatically withdrawn from the study if you fail to meet a 70% compliance threshold. Compliance is defined as you confirming that you took or did not take the supplement in the Reputable Health app daily.

By participating, you are agreeing to commit to these activities as part of your involvement in the study. Your adherence to these procedures is crucial for the success of the research and the validity of the findings.

What are the risks associated with participating in this study?
There are no known adverse risks associated with participating in this study. Consuming Qualia Night may produce morning drowsiness if not taken as directed. 

What are the benefits associated with participating in this study?
By participating in this study, you may experience potential benefits.Through use of the Reputable Health app and the continuous monitoring of biomarker metrics, you may also become more aware of your sleep patterns and overall health metrics, which may help establish more informed decisions about your health. You will also be contributing to a foundation of scientific knowledge that will contribute to the growth of a body of research assessing the effectiveness of organic sleep supplementation on sleep and health. 

While the study has the potential to provide these benefits, it is important to note that benefits are not guaranteed, and the primary goal of the research is to gather data that will contribute to scientific understanding. Your involvement is greatly valued and will play a key role in advancing knowledge in this area.

Are there any incentives associated with participating in this research?
Participants in this study will receive compensation for their time and effort, contingent on their adherence to study protocols and the completion of key milestones. Upon successful completion of the study, defined as maintaining at least 70% adherence to the study protocols and completing the end-of-study survey, participants will be awarded an electronic Qualia gift card valued at $50.

How are you protecting privacy and ensuring confidentiality?
Upon enrollment into the Reputable App, all participants are de-identified using a randomly assigned alias that will follow them throughout the course of their participation in the study and time in the Reputable platform. All communications and research activities will be conducted under the alias and personal identifying information will be minimized to an administrative level for safety and regulatory purposes only.

De-identified data from this study will be shared with the commercial sponsor of the study and used to validate claims surrounding product efficacy and to advance future research in this area. No personal information that could be used to identify you will be shared with any external parties, including the sponsor.

If you have any questions, you can contact the Reputable Health research team anytime at mackenzie@reputable.health. 

Statement of Consent
By completing this consent, I confirm that I have read the above information, and have received answers to any questions I asked. I consent to take part in the study. 
